docs: Add AGENTS.md and refresh SDK docs (#270)
maple-labs/maple-js: AGENTS.md

- **Yarn 4** — run `corepack enable` to activate the pinned version
- **TypeScript** strict mode
- **ethers v5** + **typechain** for generated contract typings
- **rollup** (build), **jest** (tests), **eslint** + **prettier**

## Commands

```bash
corepack enable            # activate the pinned Yarn
yarn install --immutable   # install dependencies
yarn build-typechain       # generate src/typechain from src/abis (run before build)
yarn build                 # rollup bundle -> dist/
yarn lint                  # tsc --noEmit + eslint
yarn format                # prettier --write
yarn test                  # jest — integration tests that hit live contracts over RPC (not run in CI)
```

## Structure

```
src/
├── abis/        # Contract ABI JSON — source of truth, committed
├── addresses/   # Deployed addresses per project: {network}-{env}.ts
├── helpers/     # Unsigned/signed transaction serialisation utils
├── typechain/   # Generated ethers v5 typings — gitignored, built from abis/
└── index.ts     # Public API — contract factories, addresses, utils
scripts/build-typechain.js   # ABI -> typechain codegen
config.json                  # typechain generation config

> ```

Author: Done in b91ce64 — added `text` to the fence.

# maple-js

TypeScript SDK for Maple Protocol's smart contracts. Ships contract ABIs, generated ethers v5 typings (typechain), and deployed addresses per network. Published to npm as `@maplelabs/maple-js` and consumed by Maple's offchain apps and bots.

> **Convention**: `AGENTS.md` is canonical. Edit this file for repo context; `CLAUDE.md`, `.cursorrules`, and `GEMINI.md` all point here. See the workspace-level `AGENTS.md` for the full file convention used across Maple repos.

## Stack

> - **Node** `24.14.1` — pinned in `.nvmrc`, enforced via `engines` (`>=24.14.1`); matches CI and the rest of the stack

Reviewer: I think we should not spell down the versions, at best it's duplicated info, at worst they will drift if we forget to update

```suggestion
- **Node**: version pinned in `.nvmrc`, enforced via `engines`; matches CI and the rest of the stack
```

Author: @garlab agreed, updated

- **Yarn 4** — run `corepack enable` to activate the pinned version
- **TypeScript** strict mode
- **ethers v5** + **typechain** for generated contract typings
- **rollup** (build), **jest** (tests), **eslint** + **prettier**

## Commands

```bash
corepack enable            # activate the pinned Yarn
yarn install --immutable   # install dependencies
yarn build-typechain       # generate src/typechain from src/abis (run before build)
yarn build                 # rollup bundle -> dist/
yarn lint                  # tsc --noEmit + eslint
yarn format                # prettier --write
yarn test                  # jest — integration tests that hit live contracts over RPC (not run in CI)
```

## Structure

```
src/
├── abis/        # Contract ABI JSON — source of truth, committed
├── addresses/   # Deployed addresses per project: {network}-{env}.ts
├── helpers/     # Unsigned/signed transaction serialisation utils
├── typechain/   # Generated ethers v5 typings — gitignored, built from abis/
└── index.ts     # Public API — contract factories, addresses, utils
scripts/build-typechain.js   # ABI -> typechain codegen
config.json                  # typechain generation config
```

> ## Releasing

Reviewer: This is already in the README, do we need both? Most of the time we won't be releasing so maybe it makes more sense to keep that only in the README + later add a skill/command to release?

Author: @garlab agreed, tighter context is better, updated
